if you respected miley cyrus before
when it was convenient for you and all
of a sudden you've got no respect for
her now what does that tell me about you
what does that tell me about the
judgments you're willing to make the
excuses
you're willing to make when it's
ideologically convenient for you
i'm a vegan but the reason that i kind
of started this was because i had a fish
that was
highly intelligent and i'm also highly
stoned 2
000 years later how can i love
someone i never touched
you lived under the water
but i love you so much
[Music]
you've never been on land and you've
never seen the sky
you don't know what a cloud is
why does everything in love have to die
they all wanted to see you be as
big as you could be i
couldn't let that be
keeping you small by keeping you safe
if i could do it again
i'd release you to see
cause i can't bear to see
something so i'll just die in a day
[Music]
i miss you
so much
[Music]
so
on a saturday night
we all went out to eat
but i can never decide
so someone chose sushi
i got soup and i order rice
watching my friends eat my
[Music]
they only knew you like
i do they love you too
and
the flow of fish
[Music]
i won't forget
we have a lot of [ __ ] sayings in
english language
along the lines of judge ye not lest you
be judged
when you hire someone you're making a
judgment
when you agree to work with someone
you're making a judgment when you refuse
to work with someone you're making a
judgment
when you acknowledge and support
and donate to someone
as leader of a political movement as a
leader of the vegan cause
you are making a judgment
you choose your leaders you choose
who you're gonna respect who you're
gonna disrespect
these are all judgments when we make
judgments we reveal something of
ourselves
we reveal and we sometimes discover
who we ourselves really are in making
judgments
so make your judgments carefully
mike tyson was until a few days ago
a celebrated leader of the vegan
movement a lot of people sympathize with
him
a lot of people supported him it's not
clear if he ever had
a vegan diet at all he claims he was
vegan for several years
but there were film clips of him eating
meat and talking about eating animal
products
from within those two years so maybe he
just got hyped up
doing an interview on the ellen
degeneres show and he knew ellen was
vegan and he started talking about being
vegan himself
but what does it say about
you if you chose mike tyson
as your leader yeah he said he was vegan
for a few years there he now openly
states that he's ex-vegan
he also converted to islam
he also converted to buddhism
he also converted to communism and got a
massive tattoo
of mao zedong the dictator of china
on his body that he still carries on his
body to this day
mike tyson has a long history of extreme
ideological flip-flops and
dare we forget that he's a convicted
rapist
he had his day in court he had his trial
he went to jail
for rape so what does it say about you
if you're willing to settle that aside
and recognize him as a positive symbol
for veganism the only thing he could
possibly be a positive symbol of
is the fact that any idiot can convert
to vegan that no matter how stupid you
are and no matter how brain damaged
by decades of drug addiction you may be
veganism is such a simple idea and such
a simple practice
that even you can practice it
and of course that's what mike tyson has
in common with miley cyrus is a
long history of drug use a long history
of drug addiction if you respected
miley cyrus before when it was
convenient for you
and all of a sudden you've got no
respect for her now what does that tell
me about you
what does that tell me about the
judgments you're willing to make the
excuses
you're willing to make when it's
ideologically convenient for you
someone like donald trump he's not wrong
about everything i can make a whole list
of things that donald trump just
happens to be right about i can make a
list of things that are
infinitely debatable neither clearly
right or wrong but that happen to be
ideologically convenient for me to
support donald trump on
i think donald trump is a terrible human
being i think donald trump
is an imbecile and totally
immoral to his core but he can't be
wrong about
everything there are some big issues
he's right on
like china that's an issue involving
one billion people in their struggle
against a communist dictatorship
the same communist dictatorship that
mike tyson supports
the same communist dictatorship created
by mao zedong that mike tyson has
tattooed
on his arm as it happens yeah you know
what donald trump's position on china
it's ideologically convenient for me
am i out here making excuses for donald
trump supporting donald trump or
recognizing him as some kind of leader
no all right my judgment of who he
is also tells you something about who i
am and my character right i'm a person
of principle
i'm someone who at least tries to be an
intellectual who tries to have
opinions that are based on active
research
not just based on my personal prejudices
biases convenience
of the moment right from my perspective
someone like donald trump is utterly
despicable
and he would still be despicable if he
were right about twice as many issues in
politics
the guy is so erratic he flip-flops on
issues all the time it's totally
possible that the day after tomorrow
he's going to announce that he supports
a 15 minimum wage and free health care
for the poor it's totally possible
and i still won't support him because i
have a judgment of who he
is and his character and that really
matters it matters even for someone like
mike tyson it matters even for someone
like miley cyrus and guys i've been
doing this thing
critique of what's going on in the vegan
movement for over five years now
and the fact of the matter is i'm all
alone
precisely because i'm unwilling to make
this kind
of moral compromise what sort of person
is joey carbstrong joey carbstrong has a
whole lot in common
with miley cyrus he has a whole lot in
common with mike tyson
right joey carbstrong long history of
drug addiction
history of being in and out of prison on
serious criminal charges
like mike tyson to my knowledge not like
miley cyrus i don't know what prison
record she's got but
but if miley cyrus hasn't been to prison
it's just luck
that she never got caught right let's
face it
when i look at someone like joey
carbstrong i've got to look at him the
same way i look at mike tyson and miley
cyrus
he may be right about one or two issues
today
he may have struck on the right answers
to a couple questions i've got a long
memory
i can remember when he was in chiang mai
thailand supporting durianrider
can you remember that can you remember
that he went through an ideological
period of being a durian writer flunky a
durian writer
clone and who's he following now he's
following paul beshear
what's what's your judgment of paul
beshear as a leader in the vegan
movement
also a longtime drug addict also a lot
of the same problems of moral character
and shall we say limited intellectual
potential
that we see across the board here with
all these examples yes
you have to judge you have to judge
people
in terms of how much integrity they've
got how much
raw intellect they've got how much
intellectual potential they've got
part of donald trump's problem is indeed
that he's
stupid it's not just about right and
wrong
it's not just about ignorance as opposed
to being well informed
there are also judgments we have to make
here about raw intelligence
but how much potential this person has
to investigate the truth and learn the
truth and figure out
right from wrong on the fly and when i
look at someone like paul beshear when i
look at someone like joey carbstrom
when i look at someone like miley cyrus
and then i've got to turn around and
look at their
hundreds of thousands of followers i
have to ask
aren't you people afraid to hold this
person up as your leader
don't you have a moment of trepidation
in reflecting on what this means for you
and you and you and the judgment on
who you are how how
how do you feel there must be people in
this audience how do you feel looking
back knowing
that you looked up to mike tyson as a as
a leader in the vegan movement and now
it's revealed
he's not even vegan and in a real sense
he never was seems like he never even
ate
a vegan diet consistency for any number
of years
he was a convicted rapist that didn't
matter to you
he converted to islam he converted to
buddhism he converted
he obviously had a track record of
flip-flopping through conversions
to one extreme ideology after another
and never really believing in them and
never really practice them
and yes by the way irony of ironies mike
tyson
also supported donald trump for
president
good luck trying to put together some
kind of coherent political program
of that good luck good luck trying to
put together
a coherent political program out of
veganism
when in the 21st century the reality is
a guy like joey carbstrong manages to
get a few radio interviews television
interviews a few newspaper articles
written
and everyone jumps on his bad wagon and
supports him
as this great leader for veganism and
he's not
i i sympathize with joey carpenter you
someone have chatted with a little bit
he's an idiot he's an imbecile okay
i'm i'm above 40 years old
how many people have you known in your
whole life who started off dumb
and and turned out brilliant how many of
you known i've known so many people who
were brilliant who had a lot of
intellectual
potential and they ended up stupid right
they're people with a lot of potential
but they become drug addicts
and it snuffs out the intellectual
potential people who are brilliant
but they become depressed because they
live in a society where they're
surrounded by a conspiracy of dances
they're surrounded by morons right and
it snuffs out
their potential and they do nothing with
us that's very common i've seen that
again and again and again
all right i can't remember a single
example of someone
where you know they were they were
stupid they were stupid in the way
donald trump is stupid they were
stupid in the way miley cyrus is stupid
all right and they managed to put the
bricks together to build that wall and
become brilliant i've never seen it even
once i still want to believe in it
i still want to believe that i could
meet someone who's an idiot and they
could turn it around
and you know discipline their mind and
become become not just a better person
but really profoundly a smarter person i
don't know
i don't know if anyone can i don't know
if anyone does
all right but yeah the vegan movement is
so eager to raise up idiots
as leaders when it's just momentarily
ideologically convenient for you and
you're willing to set aside
all these other red flags what does this
tell me about you what does this tell me
about us
what does this tell me about the feature
future of the vegan movement
that this is this is how we operate
clinging on to
one celebrity after another who you know
in this fleeting and shallow way puts
the pieces together for veganism
you know either as a diet just in terms
of a health fad
or in terms of a moral argument or in
terms of an ecological
and then and then oh what a surprise
what a surprise that veganism doesn't
mean more
to mike tyson than converting to islam
what a surprise that veganism doesn't
mean more to mike
that he's not more committed to this
than communism
which he got tattooed permanently on his
body and never
covered and he never saw a conflict
between his support for
mao zedong leader of chinese communism
and support for the prophet muhammad and
conversion
and now you're surprised that he's just
as dramatically just as suddenly
given up on on veganism all right
miley cyrus always was a crackhead
but now only now it's inconvenient
for you to face up to just how stupid
she is just how damaged
by drug addiction she is all right
what is the future of the vegan movement
it's you and it's me all right it's a
bunch of isolated individuals on the
internet
trying to find our common ground
trying to find a methodology to take
this
incredibly simple idea and fashion it
into a political
program to challenge the status quo to
challenge the indifference
of millions of people to transform
daily life as we know it
who's up for the challenge is it you or
you
or you do any of you any of you watching
this video
doubt that you have more intellectual
potential
than miley [ __ ] cyrus
grow up stop looking for leaders
stop looking for them on youtube stop
looking from the internet
it's not going to be paul beshear it's
not going to be miley cyrus it's not
going to be joey carbstrong and sure his
[ __ ] is not going to be mike tyson
all right the future of the vegan
movement
is you
good morning i love you
you're beautiful yes you are and you
know what
today is a new day and you are starting
an entirely
different life i have been very
depressed
for the last few months and i am
waiting for my damn therapist to finish
our vacation
so i can have someone that is a licensed
professional help me with this
you know having suicidal thoughts and
not wanting to exist
is not a pleasant place to be
emotionally